Convert main README to asciidoc (#50303)
elastic/elasticsearch: README.asciidoc

** Index level configuration (number of shards, index storage, ...).
* Various set of APIs
** HTTP RESTful API
** All APIs perform automatic node operation rerouting.
* Document oriented
** No need for upfront schema definition.
** Schema can be defined for customization of the indexing process.
* Reliable, Asynchronous Write Behind for long term persistency.
* (Near) Real Time Search.
* Built on top of Apache Lucene
** Each shard is a fully functional Lucene index
** All the power of Lucene easily exposed through simple configuration / plugins.
* Per operation consistency
** Single document level operations are atomic, consistent, isolated and durable.

== Getting Started

First of all, DON'T PANIC. It will take 5 minutes to get the gist of what Elasticsearch is all about.

=== Installation

* https://www.elastic.co/downloads/elasticsearch[Download] and unpack the Elasticsearch official distribution.

> * Run `bin/elasticsearch` on unix, or `bin\elasticsearch.bat` on windows.

Reviewer: `Unix` and `Windows` should be capitalized. I also feel that distinctly calling out Linux or macOS is slightly more clear.
```suggestion
* Run `bin/elasticsearch` on Linux or macOS. Run `bin\elasticsearch.bat` on Windows.
```

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: done

* Run `curl -X GET http://localhost:9200/`.
* Start more servers ...

=== Indexing

Let's try and index some twitter like information. First, let's index some tweets (the `twitter` index will be created automatically):

> -------------------------------------

Reviewer 2: Code blocks only [need](https://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/#built-in-blocks-summary) four dashes `----`. I think it'd be nice to go with that while we're here. No big deal, but it'd be nice.

Author: done
